1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
Public: The member is accessible anywhere
Protected: The member is accessible only by same class or derived class
Private: The member is only accessible to the current class
Internal: The member is accessible in the same assembly
Portected Internal: The member is accessible by same assembly or derived class
Private Protected: The member is accessible by same class and derived class in the same assembly

2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?
const makes the member unable to change and is assigned during complie time
readonly makes the member only readable and is assigned when an instance is created
Static can only be applied on a class or within a class and the member is shared among all instance of the class. 

3. What does a constructor do?
A constructor initialized an instance of an object

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
It allows a class to be split into multiple different files, making it more readable and can have multiple developers working on different part of the class.

5. What is a tuple?
A group of variables (can be different) bundled into one object

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
It is usually used to make a class store immutable members and allows them to be compared by value instead of reference

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Overloading is using the same function name while the implementation and parameters are different.
Overriding is usually used in inheritance, and the implementation is different but the parameters are the same.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
Fields are variables declared in a class and property are function that provides access control to the fields (get/set)

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
You assign a default value in the parameter
ex. public Void Name(age, name = "John Doe")

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Abstract classes are used in inheritance where the derived class must implement the abstract method. Interface don't have fields or instances and is used to defined the methods that the class must implement. Interface is usually used for multiple inheritance.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
public

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method.
True 

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
False

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
False

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
True

7. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
True

18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class.
False

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members of the interface.
False

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the interface.
True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface
True